well about fucking time rock stars only
been about a year and a half before we
saw the first trailer for GTA 5 but it's
all right everything's all better it's
coming on spring 2013 I can't fucking
wait thank you very much rock star i
love you all bye enjoy i like the video
if you guys want to see a breakdown by
yeah I've been in this game for a lot of
years I got out alive if you want my
advice you're the shit up
it's in the good guns and crank in this
area both Trevor Phillips enterprise
they ain't going
I'll swing by and sign the contracts all
right just ignore the bodies yu Chun
Roberto beach I'll see that house right
there with yellow stairs ok how many
cause you own you ain't changes
I get my money in here I'm cool cool
what slinging dope and throwing up gang
signs your son James he's a good kid
hey let's bounce bounce bounce
let's get
Oh
that's cover my best friend that's
Franklin the Sun I always won yeah
whatever Jesus your therapist has a lot
to answer
nothing